# dhscompsci
Website Files
If it wasn't obvious enough, there's a good reason why i'm using the computer science club's website as a backbone for the robotics website.
I don't know how to instantiate a website, but I know how to work off a premade one. Plus, this isn't my job anyways.
I'm currently working on getting a blog post system set up, just give me some time. I'm writing this at 3:40 AM on 6/4/2019, just in case I die or something from a drug overdose.
Just kidding, that isn't graciously professional, although I feel like writing this message feels like if this is some goodbye or something. I can just see the Corier New font in front of my face on my glowing monitor, while I fall in and out of conciousness. I hope nobody's mad from my saltiness though -- well, I wouldn't call it "saltiness"... it's just how people label me nowadays. I get grouchy, sure, and is probably one of the major reasons why some people may dislike me in robotics, but eh, I try. I may not be the best communicator, but I try really hard to be the best I can be.
Back on track, yeah, I'm backboning the Dulles Comp Sci website Adil made. Just leave it be unless you want to fix some grammar issues, or make changes that wouldn't break the damn website.
Again, I apologize if I've cussed at you in the past, anon. It's not my intention. I just don't know what I'm doing with my life. Am I writing a copypasta? What the hell am I doing? Should I delete all of this?
Writing this message and working on the website gives me in anxiety, more because I've been an asshole -- or I've felt like one to some people in the club. I can't confirm or deny that I have been one, because I am mentally unaware about certain emotions that go on. I don't mean to be an asshole, in fact, I strive to be the complete opposite of one. But, sometimes, we get grumpy -- and well, sometimes that can be pretty damn ugly.
Why am I writing this again? I don't know. I have nothing else to do at 4 in the morning besides stress out about the hundreds of things I need to do in a few hours. Go to meetings, work on applications, hang out with people, do work, it's like if I'm in a cycle. What have I done to myself?
You know, I say things that I shouldn't say at times. Like this evening, I went on about how I did some stupid stuff at school to people that probably shouldn't know that about me. But why? I mean, I felt so apathetic about that stuff, but now I realize, these people probably think I'm a maniac or something. Maybe I am one, who fucking knows at this point? Why do people need to know this about me? They'll probably think I'm some crazy chick after they see these messages, and how am I suppose to react to that?? Why do I give people this shit when I don't want them to know about this side of me? It's like setting my own trap. Why do I do this to myself?
Why am I writing a vent in a README.md that only maybe two people will see? Well, maybe that's a good point. Why am I?
Eh, whatever. I'll wipe this file once I get shit done on the website, hopefully if I have enough motivation to do so. 

